docs(contributing): add steps to find ci screenshots (#3947)
sveltejs/kit: CONTRIBUTING.md

You may need to install some dependencies first, e.g. with `npx playwright install-deps` (which only works on Ubuntu).

> If there are tests that fail on CI, you can retrieve the failed screenshots by going to the summary page of the CI run. You can usually find this by clicking on "Details" of the check results, click "Summary" at the top-left corner, and then scroll to the bottom "Artifacts" section to download the zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are tests that fail on the CI, you can retrieve the failed screenshots by going to the summary page of the CI run. You can usually find this by clicking on "Details" of the check results, click "Summary" at the top-left corner, and then scroll to the bottom "Artifacts" section to download the archive.
```
